is going in search of the youngsters
mother she's been wearing the color for
nine months and the batteries beginning
to fail he needs to find her fast
finally he picks up a signal in a river
valley to the south of the war asset the
detailed tracking information stored in
the high-tech caller will throw light on
her movements crucial data to help
protect her family and the entire desert
land population darting is a necessary
intrusion though flip never takes it
lightly and for him getting this close
to Lyons never loses its magic beautiful
the GPS collar is the first time I touch
it for nine months it's been on this
lioness this whole time and it is still
working the LED light is still going you
can see it so it's been storing all this
incredible information for the last nine
months this girl she's the queen she's
the queen of them all I know this is my
by far my most favorite and special
lioness Arab she's hardcore she takes no
nonsense and and she just she lifts it
on the edge okay well now we have to
look at your teeth do you see if you are
still in good Nick man look at that
isn't that beautiful goodness
sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry
have a look at the claws yours a sharp a
look at that my goodness it's like a
needle Oh especially in there for finger
and the middle finger or just a really
really sharp now the most amazing thing
is their feet just smells so amazing
it's got a nice and smell to it
mmm so the musky just a really knocking
sweet sweet sort of musky smell I know
what an awesome feeling to be so close
okay
very good
he quickly discovers that his favorite
lioness isn't just in good condition
she's become really smart this is what
our this is incredible
that means as this isn't movements back
and forth back to put us geez Brighton
police three passports
in the early morning between midnight
and that morning and then all the way
back again it's a great sign she's
proving she can live right under
people's noses without causing them any
trouble at all when I see this I would
like to have a GPS collar every line
because that's information is
you